Keylogger-Software Keylogger-Software is a Python-based application
designed to demonstrate comprehensive logging capabilities. This tool is
capable of capturing keystrokes, managing logs, sending email reports,
and taking screenshots. The project showcases my proficiency in Python,
GUI development with Tkinter, and integration with various libraries.

🚀 Features Keystroke Logging: Efficiently logs all keystrokes into a
text file. Log File Management: Easy access to the log file with a
built-in viewer. Email Functionality: Seamless email sending with log
attachment via SMTP. Screenshot Capture: Saves screenshots to a
specified directory at user command. User-Friendly GUI: Intuitive
interface for controlling the keylogger and managing outputs. 📸
Screenshots Visualize the Keylogger-Software with the following
screenshots:

🛠️ Installation & Setup Clone the Repository:

bash Copy code git clone
https://github.com/MaryamFatima16/Keylogger-Software.git cd
Keylogger-Software Install Dependencies:

Make sure you have Python installed, then install the required packages:

bash Copy code pip install pynput pillow tk Configure Email Settings:

Update email credentials and SMTP server settings in the send_email()
function of keylogger.py:

python Copy code msg\[\'From\'\] = \'your-email@gmail.com\'
msg\[\'To\'\] = \'receiver-email@gmail.com\'
server.login(\'your-email@gmail.com\', \'your-email-password\') 🏗️ Usage
Start Logging:

Click \"Start Keylogger\" to begin capturing keystrokes. Stop Logging:

Click \"Stop Keylogger\" to end the logging session. View Logs:

Use \"Open Log File\" to view logs in Notepad. Email Logs:

Click \"Email Log File\" to send logs via email. Capture Screenshots:

Click \"Capture Screenshot\" to save a screenshot. 🔧 Customization
Changing Log File Location: Modify the log_file path in the code.
Adjusting Screenshot Directory: Update screenshot_dir to your preferred
directory. Modifying GUI: Customize the GUI appearance and functionality
through Tkinter settings. 🎯 Use Cases Security Monitoring: Keep track
of keystrokes and capture unauthorized activities. User Behavior
Analysis: Analyze user interactions for research purposes. Debugging &
Testing: Test and debug user inputs in applications. 📝 Roadmap Upcoming
Features: Integration with cloud storage for log backups. Enhanced
encryption for log files and screenshots. More customizable GUI options.
💬 Feedback & Contribution Your feedback and contributions are welcome!
Feel free to fork this repository, open issues, or submit pull requests
to enhance functionality.

🧩 License This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the
LICENSE file for details.

📫 Contact Maryam Fatima GitHub Profile LinkedIn Profile Email
